README.md, before:

# SteemVoice
### What is Steem Voice?
Steem Voice is a (WIP) Google Assistant app designed for Steemit users to help them interact with the Steem blockchain using their voice.
##### Current Commands
- What's my reputation? / Is used to calculate your reputation
- How much is my vote worth? / Is used to calculate your upvote worth
- What's my latest post? / Is used to get your latest post
- I want to change my username / Is used to change the username used
- How much Steem power do I have? / Is used to calculate your steem power
- How much is my account worth? / Is used to calculate your account worth
- How much SBD do I have? / Is used to get your available sbd
- How much Steem do I have? / Is used to get your available Steem
- How much Savings do I have? / Is used to get your savings (both STEEM and SBD)
- What's the price of Steem? / Is used to get STEEM's price from coinmarketcap
- What's the price of SBD? / Is used to get SBD's price from coinmarketcap
- What's _category in _tag (e.g what's new in science)/ Returns a lists of posts from a certain category = (new,trending,hot) (tag isn't required) 
- Open my blog / Returns a button to the user's blog
- Open my feed / Returns a list of posts from the user's feed
- Connect my account / Allows the user to connect their account to the app to use advanced commands
- Check / To check if the user successfully connected his account
- Is (user) following me? / To check if a user is following you
- Am I following (user)? / To check if you are following a user
- Open my comments / Returns a button to the user's comments
- Open replies / Returns a button to the user's replies
- Delegate (number) to (user) / Returns a Steemconnect link for the delegation
- I want to cancel a delegation / Displays a list of the users you are delegating to and allows you to easily cancel the delegation.
#### Advanced Commands
- Follow (user) / To follow a certain user
- Unfollow (user) / To unfollow a certain user
- Mute (user) / To mute a certain user
- Claim rewards / To claim all of the user's rewards
### Contact Me
You can get in touch with me on Discord  at Fancybrothers#7429 or on Steem.chat at fancybrothers.
### Donation
You can donate Steem to my account @fancybrothers on Steemit

Commit message:

Added transfer, upvote, comment and userposts commands

README.md, after:

# SteemVoice
### What is Steem Voice?
Steem Voice is a (WIP) Google Assistant app designed for Steemit users to help them interact with the Steem blockchain using their voice.
##### Current Commands
- What's my reputation? / Is used to calculate your reputation
- How much is my vote worth? / Is used to calculate your upvote worth
- What's my latest post? / Is used to get your latest post
- I want to change my username / Is used to change the username used
- How much Steem power do I have? / Is used to calculate your steem power
- How much is my account worth? / Is used to calculate your account worth
- How much SBD do I have? / Is used to get your available sbd
- How much Steem do I have? / Is used to get your available Steem
- How much Savings do I have? / Is used to get your savings (both STEEM and SBD)
- What's the price of Steem? / Is used to get STEEM's price from coinmarketcap
- What's the price of SBD? / Is used to get SBD's price from coinmarketcap
- What's _category in _tag (e.g what's new in science)/ Returns a lists of posts from a certain category = (new,trending,hot) (tag isn't required) 
- Open my blog / Returns a button to the user's blog
- Open my feed / Returns a list of posts from the user's feed
- Connect my account / Allows the user to connect their account to the app to use advanced commands
- Check / To check if the user successfully connected his account
- Is (user) following me? / To check if a user is following you
- Am I following (user)? / To check if you are following a user
- Open my comments / Returns a button to the user's comments
- Open replies / Returns a button to the user's replies
- Delegate (number) to (user) / Returns a Steemconnect link for the delegation
- I want to cancel a delegation / Displays a list of the users you are delegating to and allows you to easily cancel the delegation.
- Transfer (number) steem/sbd to (user) / Returns a Steemconnect link for the transfer
- What are the latest posts of (user) / Returns the last 8 posts from that user 
#### Advanced Commands
- Follow (user) / To follow a certain user
- Unfollow (user) / To unfollow a certain user
- Mute (user) / To mute a certain user
- Claim rewards / To claim all of the user's rewards
- Upvote post / To upvote the post last chosen from a list
- Write a comment / To write a comment on the post last chosen from a list
### Contact Me
You can get in touch with me on Discord  at Fancybrothers#7429 or on Steem.chat at fancybrothers.
### Donation
You can donate Steem to my account @fancybrothers on Steemit
